The Centre for Analytics, Informatics and Research (CAIR) is a high-performance computing centre with the capacity to rapidly process and analyze vast amounts of data and provide secure storage with off-site backups. CAIR staff assist researchers with determining the best tools for analysis, troubleshooting issues, secure transfer of data and results and back-up and data storage. 
Through CAIR, Memorial researchers have access to one of Atlantic Canada's fastest computing environments. Projects utilizing CAIR will focus on innovation and research in such diverse fields as data science and astrophysics, genetic analysis, artificial intelligence, machine learning, image analysis and scientific computing.


Quantum Communications and Computing Center (QC3): QC3 will strengthen research and innovation in quantum communications and computing. It will bring together expertise from academia and industry to advance foundational research to address the challenges of quantum technologies relevant to the province, Canada and internationally. This research underpins major advances in communications and computing with applications to fields including but not limiting to health care (drug development), energy (higher-capacity batteries), cyber security, and circuit design. The centre complements current efforts in quantum research at Memorial. QC3 will be a hub for collaborative and interdisciplinary research and innovation. It will play an important role in supporting researchers at Memorial through the organisation of research events, collaborative funding bids, public engagement and knowledge exchange activities, and the provision of skills training and seminar series for the postgraduate community.  The key added value of QC3 is that it will nurture and encourage existing activities while providing the environment for new ideas for the cross-disciplinary endeavour.

PINQ2: PINQ²’s mission is to bridge the gap between the potential of advanced computing and its practical adoption, enabling Canadian businesses, academic institutions, research organizations and startups to capture economic value from strategic computing infrastructure. A unique approach that combines excellence in research and academia with a strong focus on industry adoption, innovation and commercialization