1- Trung Q. Duong: Trung Q. Duong (Fellow of IEEE, Fellow of IET, Fellow of CAE, Fellow of EIC, and Fellow of AAIA) is a Canada Excellence Research Chair (CERC) and a Full Professor at Memorial University of Newfoundland, Canada. He has received the two prestigious awards from the UK Royal Academy of Engineering (RAEng), including: 1) RAEng Research Chair (2020) and 2) RAEng Research Fellow (2015). In 2017, he was awarded the Newton Prize from the UK government. He is currently serving as the Editor-in-Chief (EiC) of IEEE Communications Survey & Tutorials (IF=50.3 and CiteScore=98.7). He is a Distinguished Lecturer of IEEE Communication Society.
https://cerc-ngct.ca/

2- Victor Drouin-Touchette: I'm Victor Drouin-Touchette, a Research Professor at the Departement of Electrical and Computer Engineering (GEGI) at the Université de Sherbrooke in Québec, Canada. My group focuses on the application of classical and quantum algorithms to industrial use-cases. We work with digital and analog quantum computing, mostly on neutral atoms platforms. I use tools from many-body theory, quantum information, operations research and machine learning to address practical problems, often in the context of combinatorial optimization but also in machine learning. More broadly, I also dip into the issue of quantum simulations of frustrated spin systems, as the insight gained there helps further understand capabilities of current quantum computers. If these subjects are interesting to you, contact me, I am always looking for new students and innovative collaborators! From 2023 to 2026, I was a Staff Researcher at the Departement of Electrical and Computer Engineering (GEGI) within the QQR project, working with Pr Yves Bérubé-Lauzière, as well as in the Department of Physics, working with Pr Stefanos Kourtis within the QAI project. I was also a Quantum Application Scientist at Pasqal. I worked primarily on the development of new quantum algorithms to tackle industry-relevant problems in optimization or in machine learning using analog neutral atoms quantum computers - a topic I continue to work on as a Professor.
Prior to this position, I was a Postdoctoral Researcher in Prof. Ananda Roy's group at Rutgers University, with a focus on applying many-body perspectives to quantum computing. I obtained my Ph.D. in theoretical condensed matter physics in July 2022 at Rutgers University under the supervision of Prof. Piers Coleman . During my studies, I worked on analytical and numerical approaches of competing phases in many-body physics.
 https://vdrouint.github.io/index.html

3- James LeBlanc: Dr. James P. F. LeBlanc is a computational condensed matter physicist and Associate Professor in the Department of Physics and Physical Oceanography at Memorial University of Newfoundland.
Dr. James LeBlanc received his PhD from the University of Guelph in 2012. He did postdoctoral research at the Max Planck Institute for the Physics of Complex Systems in Dresden, Germany, and at the University of Michigan. He has been a member of the Simons Foundation Collaboration on the Many-Electron Problem, and is also a Co-Founder of Compute Everything Technologies Ltd., a Newfoundland-based start-up company, since 2024.
https://sites.google.com/view/jpfleblanc/people?authuser=0

4- Matthieu Fortin-Deschênes (Researcher - Quantum Materials at PINQ2): I am a researcher in quantum and advanced materials. My PhD (Polytechnique Montréal) and postdoctoral (Yale University) research focused on establishing new avenues to implement advanced materials using atomic-level engineering processes, while addressing crucial questions about their formation mechanisms and scalability potential. By combing state-of-the-art experimental techniques (epitaxial growth, electron microscopy, spectroscopy, transport, microfabrication) with simulation tools, I was able to develop novel materials and study their unique properties that can be harnessed in emerging technologies. Building on this experience, I joined PINQ2 in 2023 as a product owner, where I leverage quantum and hybrid computing to develop advanced materials modelling tools that can be used for the discovery and simulation of novel materials.
https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthieu-fortin-desch%C3%AAnes-40107525a/

5- Mohammad Kashfi (Quantum Software Developer at PINQ2): I work at the intersection of quantum algorithms and discrete optimization, with experience in quantum finance, quantum machine learning, and hybrid quantum-classical computing. My work focuses on developing practical quantum approaches to real-world optimization problems.
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammad-kashfi-b6ba60227/

qiskit101- Joshua Skanes-Norman (Quantum Software Engineer at IBM)